Little help?
No can do.
The C.I.A. Christmas party
invite is coming any moment.
Clicking "refresh"
over and over won't
make it come any faster.
- What was that, Hayley?
I couldn't hear you
over my inbox dinging.
The party will be held at
Scamper's East.
Yes, baby.
Ugh. That dumpy pub
in Chimdale?
Are you kidding?
Scamper's is amazing.
Classy, too.
The golf course there? Mwah.
Miniature. Two holes.
And one of 'em,
half the AstroTurf is blue.
Blue and green,
'Zooka Sharks colors.
'Zooka Sharks?
Does that guy
live around here?
Well, I'm sure you and Mom
will have a great time.
We'll all have a great time.
I was able to secure invites
for the entire family.
- Even Klaus.
Let's go!
So do we, like, have to go?
Big time. You must understand,
I had a monster year at work.
Special missions?
I crushed 'em.
Boring meetings?
I plussed 'em.
And I went undefeated in
our fantasy football league.
The Christmas party
is my personal victory lap,
and I want my family there
to enjoy me.
That's wonderful.
Now you can close
your computer and decorate
the tree with us.
Better idea. Let's prepare
for my work party.
I'll make flashcards
of my accomplishments
this year.
There were a lot!
- I bet.
- We should also talk outfits.
I recommend something festive,
yet quirky.
Oh, God, Hayley,
you're not thinking of
wearing that to the party?
You mean the party
I just literally heard about
30 seconds ago? No.
Phew!
♪ Good morning, USA ♪
♪ I got a feeling
That it's gonna be
A wonderful day ♪
♪ The sun in the sky
Has a smile on his face ♪
♪ And he's shining a salute
To the American race ♪
♪ Oh, boy, it's swell to say ♪
♪ Good morning, USA ♪
Ah!
Look at that marquee.
This is already great.
Get in here, everyone!
When we get inside,
Klaus and I will fill mashed
potato cups for everyone.
Francine, the open bar
lasts 45 minutes,
so order me two Moscow mules.
Hayley, head straight to
Big Buck Hunter.
Don't let anyone touch
the plastic shotgun
until I break the high score.
What about me and Steve?
Great question, Jeffrey.
Play mini golf and listen
for what people are saying
about me.
Report back with the buzz
on the links.
Hot dog buns looking good
this year, Tommy.
Who's Tommy?
He's executive chef/bouncer
here at Scamper's.
Kind of a dual threat.
I actually don't think
that's Tommy.
Interesting.
I've never seen whatever
this is served in a souvenir
batting helmet before.
Whoa, I just
remembered something.
Last year, at this very party,
I carved my name
into one of the toilet seats.
Dang, you think
it's still there?
Fischer takes his time.
He looks pretty high
and he is.
Stop looking back.
It wasn't us.
I see it! "Stan... Smit"?
Some dude started knocking.
I'm gonna finish it now.
Scamper's East blows.
We should leave
for Bullock's party.
Bullock's party?
- Amen. This place
is for riff-raff.
I heard Bullock's party has a
10-foot shrimp scampi tower.
Bullock's throwing a secret
party the same night as
the C.I.A. Christmas party?
Stiles says he's already
at Bullock's house.
Holy cow. He's playing
cornhole with Ghostface Killah
and the Golden Bachelor.
No freaking way!
Did they come together?
Let's go find out.
We can finish peeing
at Bullock's.
Sorry, I drank both
your mules,
but these drinks
are basically water.
Yeah, I said it.
Do something.
Stan heard some
devastating news
in the bathroom.
Thank God the town got rid of
that suicide hotline.
Otherwise he'd be
on it all night.
A Blue Moon for my boy Stan.
Open bar just ended.
That's fine. How much is it?
- Twelve bucks.
- Forget it.
I think I just got tetanus.
A lot of exposed nails
coming through the floor.
What's wrong with Dad?
Turns out there's
a better party at Bullock's,
but Stan only got invited
to the riff-raff party.
♪ Yo, listen up!♪
♪ Here's the story
about a little guy ♪
♪ That lives in a blue world ♪
♪ And all day and all night ♪
♪ And everything he sees
is just blue like him ♪
♪ Inside and outside ♪
I say we crash Bullock's.
Let's go home, Stan.
Home?
I agree, Steve. I thought that
busboy was very handsy.
Now that that's over,
we can finally
decorate the tree.
Stan, where are you going?
I'm going to
Bullock's [bleep] party.
I knew you'd come.
Got this hog all ready for ya.
Out of juice already?
Don't worry, there's actually
another scooter nearby,
but it's in Tuttle's garage.
Also, he owns it.
So we'd be stealing
Tuttle's scooter?
Essentially, or we could
just take your car.
Hmm.
And that's the night
my scooter got stolen.
Bullock runs
a tight ship.
I never get invited anywhere.
Which makes me an expert
at sneaking into events
where I'm not wanted.
I once snuck my Pomona boys
into Adam Driver's
Golden Globes party.
- Okay.
- To be fair,
this was years before
Adam Driver got famous.
Damn it, Klaus,
what's our plan?
I'm Tom Hanks.
I'm Colin Hanks.
I'm Hank Azaria?
For Christ's sake, Smith,
what is your problem?
My problem is you
didn't invite me to your
Christmas party. Why not?
Okay, I'll level with you.
The fire marshal
is a real hard-ass.
He gave me a firm cap
of 500 guests.
Five hundred?
It's ludicrous, I know,
but maybe you'll
make the cut next year.
Hank Azaria, Mr. 500!
Where are you?
I'm literally outside.
I think I have a way in.
Me, "shut up"?
No, you shut up!
Hold on. Some guy with a chin
is saying something. What?
I overheard your conversation
and it sounds like
you need a date.
I happen to be in need
of a wristband.
Perhaps I could be your
plus one for the night.
Fine.
You seem normal enough.
You can be my date
because my husband's
an asshole!
- Sir, for the last time--
- Ka-pow!
Oops. Ka-blam!
Flawless reveal, sir.
Enjoy the party.
I'm Tom Hanks.
Welcome, Mr. Hanks.
It's a winter wonderland.
The shrimp scampi tower.
I can smell
the garlicky butter
cascading from here.
It's beautiful.
Don't skimp on the scamp!
Hey, Stan, meet my new friend,
All-Pro wide receiver
Stefon Diggs.
Jackson told me all about
your fantasy football team.
Then I was like,
"Wait, I was on that team?"
Office champions!
We did it, bro.
I have a spare football
in the car.
Feel like tossing me
a few long bombs?
Nuh-uh. You want to
keep that wristband?
You better not
leave my side all night.
But Stefon Diggs--
But Stefon, nothing.
Order me three shots
of Tito's while I
stretch out my hammies.
We're about to set
that dance floor on fire.
Maybe we should leave.
What are you talking about?
We just got here.
There's something about
your date that gives me
a bad feeling.
We should try to find
some coke ASAP.
We're not going home.
I'm sure everyone is
sound asleep by now anyway.
Dang it! Dad knows
I can't sleep unless I know
everyone's safe in their beds.
- You guys left Scamper's?
I was holding down
Big Buck Hunter,
as instructed,
and all the lights shut off.
What? We didn't
break the golf course.
I love you all so much.
Now, who is ready to rock?
Good, because this band
can really rip.
Ladies and gents, I give you
Kris Kringle
and the Naughty Boys.
Santa?
He's in a band?
I trapped Santa
in the freakin' Jingleverse.
- Guess he got out.
- You think?
Check, check.
He's got those weird
Jeff Bezos muscles!
He'll kill us, Stan.
Ho ho ho!
This first one's
off our new EP.
It's called "Nasty Christmas."
♪ I left your
Christmas presents
underneath the [bleep] tree ♪
♪ A gift card to Sephora
because your face
looks dead to me ♪
Damn, this goes kind of hard.
- I need to use the bathroom.
- No, you don't.
You don't understand.
Santa and I have a history.
Join the club. I'm his wife.
- His what now?
- His wife.
Clarissa Claus?
I married that son of a bitch.
Oh, my God! You're Mrs. Claus?
We're gonna make Santa
real jealous tonight.
Stan, we need to get
some shrimp scampi and
get the [bleep] out of here!
- Smith!
Keep playing, Santa.
My face is only
partially melted.
You promised me you wouldn't
invite Stan Smith!
I assure you,
Smith is not here.
Yeah, he is.
He's my date.
- Wow.
- This is--
- Don't you dare say "awkward."
Awkward!
Why are you doing this,
Clarissa? And with him,
of all people?
Remember when I called you
from the gate because I
didn't want to walk in alone?
I told you we had sound check.
You could have left
for five minutes.
The levels on Nate's
Stratocaster were all--
So typical.
Putting your stupid
bandmates before me.
Stupid? Nate's an
Anthropology major at UMass!
I am so over this.
Why can't you be happy for me?
I've finally found something
that gives me creative
fulfillment.
Because you turned into
jolly old Saint Dick.
Well, I should also be--
You did this, Smith.
You're gonna die tonight.
Smith!
Get in!
I'm keeping the North Pole!
Good luck fitting 1,500 elves
into a studio apartment!
I'm the one
who drafted his team.
He wanted OBJ
in the second round.
I mean, what year is this?
- Stan?
Nope. He ran off with my wife.
She took the reindeer,
so I need to crash here
for a while.
Oh, I'm exhausted.
I'm going to sleep
like a rock tonight.
You! White noise.
Um...
Whoo!
That North Pole snow
hits different, y'all.
Hey, Chief,
you wanna hit the slopes?
I want to sleep.
You know,
it snows year-round here.
But we still have to import
some snow from Colombia.
Solid joke. I've laughed
every time you've said it.
But please,
I can't party anymore.
I know exactly what you need.
A bloody effin' Mary!
Bloody Mary, yes!
Bloody-bloody- bloody-
bloody-bloody-bloody!
Bloody what? Bloody what?
Bloody what? Bloody Mary!
So if you're here, who will
deliver presents on Christmas?
Oh, I delegate that crap to
my right-hand elf, Guffrie.
I work smarter now. I'm not in
my early 200s anymore,
splooging big old wads
of Christmas magic all night.
"Wads"?
I'm taking better care
of myself now.
I started lifting.
You lift, Steve?
- No.
- Oh, man, you've got to.
I'll hook you up with
my amino acid guy.
He'll find you some steroids.
With that frame,
you're gonna get yoked.
Sorry to interrupt
your midlife crisis,
but what the hell is that?
Those would be my dried-up
contact lenses.
I wear dailies now.
When I'm about to fall asleep,
I just flick 'em wherever.
It's liberating.
I'm gonna kill your father.
Dad's still not home?
Damn. You're not worried he's,
you know, up to anything
with Mrs. Claus?
Your dad? Hell, no.
I got that shit
locked down tight.
This should be good.
- Hello?
- Francine, it's me, Klaus.
We're in the North Pole.
Oh, I already know.
Santa told me.
Santa Claus?
He said Stan
ran off with Mrs. Claus.
That's not how
it went down, Franny.
She dragged us up here,
and she won't stop serving
Bloody Marys.
It's a nightmare!
Right, that sounds terrible.
For your guys' information,
I'm letting Santa stay here
till you get back.
Watch this. Oh, and, Klaus?
Mention that Santa
sleeps without a shirt on.
Oh, those muscles.
Doesn't Santa
look good, Hayley?
Oh, yeah,
I'd take a bumpy ride
on his Polar Express,
if you know what I mean?
I do.
Bloody-bloody-bloody.
Sip the Bloody.
- Sip it!
- The weed cookies
are done baking.
First, you bake them,
then they bake you.
Again, for the fourth time,
that joke is hilarious.
Stan, I talked to Francine.
She's pissed you ditched them
for Bullock's party.
And get this. She's letting
Santa sleep there
In our house?
You haven't heard
the worst of it.
Santa sleeps bare-chested.
He's got the whole family
all horned up.
Come on. We're getting
the hell out of here.
What are you doing
with the decorations?
They're going back
to the basement.
Your father ruined Christmas
this year, so there's no point
in decorating.
But I love Christmas.
It makes me sad and happy.
Oh, now, wait a minute.
Stan may be a Grade A jackass,
but it's still Christmas.
Why do you care?
You're a godless musician now.
Duck, Mom!
He's about to splooge wads!
It's good old-fashioned
Christmas magic.
Splooge more!
It does look festive.
It's snowing, bitches.
That was very fun.
Stan! Where'd you go?
I made us peanut brittle,
but with ketamine
instead of peanuts.
What's the deal
with these reindeer?
"Chuck"? "Leon"?
Where's Rudolph?
These guys don't seem
like Santa's A-squad.
Listen, Rudolph.
One smells like a man,
the other smells like a fish.
Go!
- I don't know what to do.
- Jiggle them or something.
Oh, no, you don't.
She sees us, Stan. Go faster.
Jiggle them harder!
Mrs. Claus is gaining on us.
Wow! She's got wheels, Stan!
A lightning-quick first step
and amazing top-end speed.
Nothing is working.
She's now outpacing
the dogs, Stan!
Her gait is equal parts
grace and power.
She has long,
galloping strides,
like Seattle Slew!
On Leon, on Hank,
on Rhonda and Frank!
You can just talk to 'em,
Klaus. They're magic.
I can't believe
I'm saying this,
but I like being here.
Me, too.
It's like a new chapter
in our relationship.
Can I ask you girls something?
Shoot, Big Red.
Why do women hate music?
You'll need to be
a little more specific.
I mean, Mrs. Claus.
Ever since I formed my band,
she started acting all crazy.
She's always whining
that I don't spend time
with her anymore.
Well, do you?
Of course.
I mean, not all the time.
I'm Santa Claus.
I'm a busy guy.
I have to make my list,
check it twice.
What about after work?
I usually hit the gym,
then band practice until 3:00,
maybe 4:00, in the morning.
Then I wake up
and do it all over again.
Come on, Santa.
You've gotta put in
a little more effort.
Yeah, dude.
Mrs. Claus is lonely,
not crazy.
If you don't stop,
we'll crash!
I don't care.
I'd rather die than spend
another Christmas alone!
I have an idea.
You could include Mrs. Claus
more in your life.
Maybe she could
run your social media.
That could work!
She's actually quite active
on Facebook.
Loves inspirational quotes,
hates vaccines,
loves memes
about hating vaccines.
Leave my family alone,
you roided-out bastard!
It's okay, Dad.
We're cool with Santa now.
We started a new chapter.
- We did?
- It's water under
the bridge, Smith.
I need to apologize
to you guys.
I never should have ditched
you for Bullock's party.
Clearly.
I was so busy looking for love
from everyone else,
I forgot that all the love
I need is right here.
With you.
Okay, Stan,
that sounds from the heart.
And we forgive you.
I'm okay.
But I don't think
I learned any lessons.
My baby!
- Kris?
- Sweet Clarissa.
I was so busy looking for love
from everyone else,
I forgot that all the love I
need is right here.
With you.
Santa straight-up
stole Stan's lesson.
I decided to cancel
the band's tour.
I want to spend
more time with you.
Oh, Santa.
I'm really sorry
I slept with Stan.
You did what?
You seem jealous.
Are you jealous?
Tell me you're jealous.
Smith!
I didn't touch her.
What is with this weather?
When I got dressed up
to [bleep] last night,
it was a low 50s.
Now I look ridiculous.
I thought we started
a new chapter.
That chapter is over!
In this one, you die!
The American Dad.
What a silly goose.